Do you haven't been answering my texts?
Do you haven't picked up my calls?
I thought you were a kidnapped.
No, I'm fine.
I'm at a friend's place.
Friend?
What friend?
Is it someone we know?
Um...
Well...
I think it's about time you show me your face.
Let's go out today.
I want to know everything about this friend.
So there's Elliot guy.
You really want stories of the baby with you?
Yeah.
He was actually a member of me.
I've been looking for you since the day I met you.
Let go of me.
I'm calling that place.
Where is he?
Stop! Let go!
Go!
Elliot, help!
Sarah's in danger.
Cordy, what are you doing here?
I was on set nearby filming my new movie.
Where should I get to in here tonight?
I'm sorry, I really...
Oh, come on.
It's been so long since I've seen you
and I know what you've drifted apart.
Listen, I'm sorry, I really need to go.
Mr. Bad, Mr. Walsh, we can't come here and save you now, can't it?
What do you want?
Just get the fuck away from me!
We're here together.
This is you and me.
I am the first time I saw you.
I cannot wait for our wedding day.
Just leave me alone!
Sarah, if you harm her,
listen to the worst day of your life,
what do I promise you?
You want to watch her die?
Put her down, please.
Here, take this.
It's going to happen a million dollars
on it, just take it and leave.
Please leave her alone.
Your money doesn't work this time, buddy.
Sarah and I miss to be together.
It's going to be okay.
You're going to be fine.
Are you sure about that?
Yeah, I believe so.
One more step!
Okay.
Your father saved us again today.
I know, cookies.
I know he'll love those.
Courtney, what do I do with pleasure?
I just want to say thank you for coming to my movie premiere.
And then I'll have to make you want to go get dinner on me?
Thank you, Courtney.
But I prefer for you to remain strictly professional.
If that's okay with you.
Is that the famous actress Courtney Clark?
What is she doing here?
They seem like they belong in the same world.
Maybe a lip belongs with her instead of me.
Hey, I made it to work so I'll see you in a bit.
Can I come?
I think I'm ready to work again and I would love to get out of that.
I got somewhere in Monadola.
What a surprise to see you here.
Courtney?
How sweet!
He brought a friend.
I'm sorry, do I know you?
You must know me.
I'm just surprised Elliot's here with a nobody.
Well, maybe it's because Elliot chose me.
A nobody instead of you.
Courtney, look at your shit.
Well, when is it in your business?
Why are we here?
It's a fashion exhibition.
I thought you might like it.
Keep an eye on her.
Find out what she's doing with Elliot.
Works, the design, everything, it's perfect.
You know how long I might like this one?
Your mom?
That's the birthday next week.
Figured I might buy her nice dress.
Well, it is beautiful.
Excuse me, sir.
I think I'll take this one.
If you get wrapped up too, they'll be nice.
Wait, I think there's something wrong with this dress.
Do not buy that dress.
It's really telling Elliot this night or what to do.
Some people can't tell art when it's right in front of their face.
Sorry, are you surveying that piece?
I guess not.
Don't worry.
I'll buy it for you, Elliot.
Anything for you?
You okay?
Yeah.
Just that dress is a counterfeit.
Someone tried to replicate it and sell it.
All right, well, what about this one?
It says it's a Victorian dress.
It's clearly Edwardian.
The sleeves are loose, not fitted.
The fabric is slight and simple.
No woman in the Victorian era would wear.
Wow, you are a woman of many surprises.
How many more hidden talents I should know about?
Maybe you'll have to find out for yourself.
Hey, are you okay?
Are you okay? Do you want to take you to the hospital?
What's your problem, Courtney?
Is she just rewriting to me?
She must have cut your shit.
I saw what you did.
And from here on, you're done with Sutter Enterprise.
Never cast you again.
I could promise you that.
You're lost.
You still need to find a present for your mom's birthday.
Don't worry.
I'll close.
I'll take you there tomorrow.
Morning, Mr. Snyder.
What are you, Frank?
Looking for a new suit?
Actually, my wife has some ideas for dress.
That's okay.
Why, of course.
Whatever you'd like to try, Mrs. Snyder.
Wow, this is amazing.
And Frank and I go way back, so feel free to use whatever you want.
I'm sure whatever you do make, my mom's gonna love us.
Don't worry about that.
I will have fun.
Frank and I will be in the back of the news.
What are you doing here?
You need to go.
No one wants to work with me.
My career is over.
Oh, is that my fault?
I'm sorry.
Okay, but please.
For whatever reason he lives.
The hell's going on here.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
She just shook me a little.
What the hell is your problem?
I'm gonna call the cops on you.
I was apologizing, actually.
Okay.
Look, Elliot, I'm so sorry.
And this isn't how we're supposed to be.
Yeah, well, this is all your fault.
I have to see your ass again.
I'm gonna take you to jail.
Came to get her out of here.
No, that's...
No, wait, wait.
Are you all right?
I'm so sorry.
Forgive me, Miss, but did you make this?
Yeah.
This is just remarkable.
I...
You sure have some serious talent.
This Mr. Snyder is a replica of the dress
that Miss Catherine Hepburn wore
in her movie, The Philadelphia Story.
All my life, I never thought I would see
another dress with that level of artistry.
But here it is, right in front of me.
Mrs. Snyder, your talent is next level.
What do you think?
I guess I took you to the right place.
You are full of surprises.
I mean, how do you even do all that?
The girl needs a hobby, right?
At least now we have a gift for your mom's birthday.
I really hope she likes it.
But she's gonna love it.
Especially knowing you've been in this garage.
Mom, go to your room member.
Stop it.
I'm calling the cops.
Are you Sarah's mother or grandmother?
You look like a hundred.
Oh, fucking dare you.
Tell that bitch to keep her dirty hands off of Elliot Snyder.
Mom, are you okay?
Your sister is tearing this family apart.
We've got to make her pay.
Mom, I don't know those girls.
And besides, why would I send someone to trash the house?
I don't know who posted those rumors about me.
They weren't true.
Is this all my fault?
Did I put my mom and my sister in danger?
It's not your fault.
I'm gonna get down to the bottom of this
and figure out how to spread those fake rooms on my trusty, okay?
You just stay here and rest.
I'm gonna take care of this.
What was that boss?
Find out who spread those fake rumors about Sarah online.
You got it boss.
Jamie, you found anything?
We aren't a hundred percent sure yet,
but the articles might have come from someone on Courtney Clark's team.
Courtney, I knew she was her.
I knew she was involved and I warned her.
I warned her to leave Sarah alone.
We don't know.
I want to organize a party.
And I want you to call all the executives we know and invite them.
A party?
Yes, a party.
I want to make sure Courtney Clark has an invitation.
Helliot.
Oh, Mr. Monroe.
It's so good to see you out in public.
So if you see two of this,
you must be rude.
My lovely wife.
Hopefully she'll make it longer the last one.
Listen, have you seen Courtney Clark by chances?
Courtney, it's so good to see you.
Listen, I was really hoping to speak in private.
That's okay.
Just, just me and you.
Of course.
Of course, anything for you, Helliot.
I can't believe it.
The plan is working.
Did you start those rumors about Sarah?
So what?
I'm only doing you a favor.
Really?
How so?
Come on.
We both know she's not the woman for you, Helliot.
Look how she grew up.
Look at her family.
You are way out of her league and she knows it too.
That's why I started all those rumors.
You need to get rid of her.
I should only drag you down.
You're so right.
She's nothing like me.
Thank you.
Do you want to be a drink to her with me?
Of course.
Yeah.
Don't keep me waiting.
You want Jamie to take you home?
No.
This is what were you and Courtney talking about?
Oh, nothing you have to worry about.
Courtney.
Hey.
Hi, you found the best butt.
Oh, you look so gorgeous.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Oh, really?
I just hope you're ready when you do.
What's he doing?
Oh, just starting the show.
Come on.
We both know she's not the woman for you, Helliot.
Look how she grew up.
Look at her family.
You are way out of her league and she knows it too.
Helliot, I...
Nope.
No.
There's more.
Trust me.
That's why I started all those rumors.
You need to get rid of her.
I'll never leave Sarah.
And I'll always protect her.
So don't you dare try to do a little trick like that again.
Get out of here.
Hey, what you doing?
Looking for a job.
You don't need a job, you're my wife.
But I want to work.
Besides, I think it'll be good for me.
So I can actually go do something instead of lying here all day.
Can work for me.
I need a secretary in that way.
I can keep an eye on you.
I can do that.
When do I start tomorrow?
Oh, hold on.
We haven't even done a formal interview yet.
How do I know you're qualified?
You're ours.
Yup.
I'll show you to your office.
What did I say about no special treatment?
Right.
I'll see you at lunch then.
Morning.
I'm the new boss's secretary.
Someone showed me to my desk.
Please.
I'm sorry.
They told me it was on this floor.
And how should I know?
If you can't even find your workstation,
maybe this job isn't for you.
Um...
You look lost little girl.
You should go home.
I'm the new secretary.
Please.
I bet Mr. Snyder will fire you in no time.
And you don't have to worry about clearing out your desk.
Because you can't even find it.
I think you're the one that's getting fired.
Do you all even know who this is?
How dare you?
I'm so sorry about this.
They don't represent the views of this company.
That's fine.
It's no big deal.
You're both over in apology, right?
I'm so sorry, Sarah.
Yeah, really sorry.
I can show you to your desk right now
and then give you a tour of the company.
Don't even bother.
You two are fired.
Clear out your desk by today.
Please follow me, Sarah.
Mr. Snyder's in a meeting,
but he told me that you can wait here.
Wait here, wait here.
Right.
Um, all yours.
What do you need?
Since you're us, don't I?
On it.
Mr. Snyder.
We've reached a decision to invest in this movie production team.
They're making a historical fiction movie
and we think it's going to be the next blockbuster.
It's estimated that the revenue will be four times the investment.
The figures do look good.
Good job.
Don't do it.
Sorry, what did you say to them?
It says it's a movie about World War I.
But all the women are wearing close hats
and the headlines are up to the ankles.
Those didn't become a thing until the 1920s.
What are you talking about?
Chris continues to know.
And the men, aside from the ones wearing uniforms,
they're all clearly wearing stuff inspired by the 1920s.
It's going to be hard to make a good movie
with all the details wrong.
Right, Mr. Snyder?
So you're telling me that you, a secretary,
knows more about movie investing than our investment team?
I don't know.
Start over.
And I want you to apologize.
I'm sorry, that was a root of me.
What would I do without you?
I'm glad the boss is happy with my performance.
Well, the boss is very happy.
Well, maybe he'll be even happier tonight.
Maybe, England.